Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Your Highness!
It'll be half a day until we reach the
location where the monster was sighted.
Yes, I understand.
We've still got some way to
go, but remain vigilant—
It's here!
That can't be!
The monster came this way to attack us?!
We're not prepared to go into combat!
Looks like we're in luck.
What?!
We've been saved a half-day's
worth of walking.
It's no use!
This thing's stronger than they said!
W-We can't even get close!
Ex Seque Duel!
A-A single blow!
Your Highness!
Well done, Your Highness!
What fine swordsmanship!
Our princess, and Commander
of the Third Legion!
Princess! Princess! Princess!
A shout of victory!
Many moons have passed since the Imperial
Army went to war with the Hellhorde.
I fell into the hands of the Hellhorde, and
find myself imprisoned with Her Highness.
Sentient Sacred Blade
Ex
Her Highness has seen her fair share of war,
proving herself on the battlefield
time and time again.
These indignities are hardly enough...
to break her will!
Princess.
Is there no way to get you to reveal
the Royal Empire's secrets?
Save your breath.
Her Highness is not only a princess, but
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
She would not so easily
divulge imperial secrets.
Is that so?
In that case, though it pains me greatly...
Starting today, we will be subjecting
you to full-blown torture.
Hellhorde Grand Inquisitor
Torture Tortura
Torture?!
Wait!
War prisoner conventions
prohibit the use of torture!
Those are human laws, are they not?
Ex.
Don't worry about me.
Your Highness!
Sear me with flames and burn my
body, but I will keep my silence.
Your Highness.
In that case...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
What?
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
What in the world?
'Tis toast.
Toast?!
And what exactly do you
plan to do with that?!
Don't tell me you plan on
enticing her with food!
She's not a child, you know!
Looks yummy...
Your Highness?
D-Don't get me wrong, Ex!
I'm not feeling tempted at all!
I simply gave my honest impression
of how good it looks!
All human beings would feel the same way!
So I definitely didn't give
in to temptation here...
Slow down!
I would never give in to
the likes of mere toast!
Ah, I can see it...
I can just see it!
A carpet of gold!
The heads of wheat, heavy with grain...
just waiting to be harvested!
The yeast and unsalted butter
performing in perfect harmony!
And most of all, that snow-white angel,
the flour, with its fragrant aroma!
Your Highness?
You've got it wrong, Ex!
This is, um, you know!
Ah yes! That's it!
What I mean is not what you're thinking!
It's something else entirely!
See, don't you get it now?!
That's what I'm talking about!
Please wipe the drool off your face.
Shh.
I-I can hear it!
It sounds...
It sounds so tasty!
The crunchy, flame-seared surface.
A little burnt, which only makes it better!
As it's torn open, it refuses to stay
silent and emits those dulcet tones!
And its chewy, moist interior!
Thank you!
Thank you, tasty sounds!
A hearty meal for the ears!
Your Highness?
Your Highness!
Curses...
I am Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
I-I will never give in...
to your pathetic torture!
The torture isn't over yet.
'Tis a bowl of beef stew
that has been eaten.
You wouldn't dare!
You fiend!
That has to taste amazing!
I'll talk...
I see.
So that's the weak point
of the Imperial Army.
Your Highness...
It appears to be reliable information.
I did it.
I spilled the beans.
So let me have some toast.
Just one slice.
One slice is all I ask for!
One slice?
What are you saying?
You've already divulged your secrets.
In other words, we're done with you.
You won't get just one slice...
We'll throw a toast party!
Yay!
What..?
So yummy!
Untz, untz, untz!
Untz, untz, untz...
Grand
Inquisitor's
Chamber
What was that?
Our army is too feeble to win
with a meager secret like that?
Yes.
Understood.
We will delay the princess's release
until I obtain information
that our army can use.
Don't take it personally, Princess.
I'm doing this all for
the sake of His Majesty.
Starting today, the princess will
be tortured on a daily basis.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Grand Inquisitor Torture Tortura.
Her Highness may have been bested
yesterday due to her hunger,
but thanks to your bread torture from
yesterday, she's all bready today!
As in, full of bread!
Today's the day that Her Highness,
Princess and Commander of
the Imperial Third Legion,
stands up to your torture!
Yes, no matter what you
may subject her to...
Takoyaki
Sauce
Cheese
Extra-Spicy
Sauce
Takoyaki?
Don't kid me with that takoyaki!
Like I said, Her Highness
is all bready for you!
Besides, Her Highness was
raised on the finest meals,
so she'd never be done in
by such low-brow food!
Takoyaki
Sauce
Cheese
Extra-Spicy
Sauce
Your Highness?
Th-That's right!
You can't sway me with something
I've never eaten, like takoyaki!
I know what it is, at least.
Takoyaki
Crêpes
Yakisoba
I'd always gaze out of the palace
windows alone at the festivals.
The citizens bought them from stalls...
to eat with family! Lovers! Friends!
With smiles on their faces!
H-Honestly, I was so jealous of them...
She's crying!
Princess.
Would you like to try one?
You mustn't, Your Highness!
If you stuff your face with
freshly-made takoyaki...
Your Highness!
But she looks happy!
Yum!
Crispy on the outside!
Gooey on the inside!
Plump octopus right in the middle...
Mingling!
The octopus and batter mingling
as they dance in your mouth!
The way it asserts itself as
it passes down your throat!
Its faint warmth even as
it reaches your stomach!
A carnival of joy in every bodily organ!
So this is...
T-A-K-O-yaki!
Truly
Ambrosial
Kaleidoscope of
Octopus
The princess
confessed
I see.
So that's where the Imperial
Army hid its ultimate weapon.
Take a look, Ex!
I grilled this one myself!
There's cheese inside!
Crispy and gooey! Plump and gooey!
Crispy and gooey... Plump and gooey...
Grand
Inquisitor's
Chamber
Excuse me?
His Majesty said what?
That's right.
Attendant to the Hell-Lord
Kanadge
He said, "I'm too scared to
use a weapon that powerful."
I see.
I suppose that's that if he's scared.
I shall have to come up
with a different torture.
'Tis quite late already.
I must retire for the night soon.
That's it!
The Next Day,
Midnight
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Torture this late at night?
Does the Hellhorde know no manners?
I do apologize.
However, I chose this time for a reason.
I've got it, Ex.
She must plan on using sleep
deprivation to torture me.
I see!
It's true that sleep deprivation would
be excruciating for the average person.
However, Your Highness is Princess and
Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
You've faced fierce battlefields
with no room to rest,
fighting for nights on end without sleep.
Yeah.
I also pulled four all-nighters in
a row once playing video games.
You can leave that part out!
Anyway, I'm used to going without sleep!
I can handle however
many hours you throw at me!
Unfortunately, Princess, today's torture
does not involve depriving you of sleep.
What?
This smell! This warmth!
This devastating power!
S-Surely you wouldn't!
Not this late at night!
Ramen?!
Growl...
Growl
My stomach was getting ready to go to sleep,
but it's bolted awake from the visual
stimulation and smell of the ramen!
My stomach is like an
excited little kid now!
Stomach
Gimme that ramen!
You mustn't, Your Highness!
Take a closer look!
That's not just any ramen!
That rich and creamy ramen broth!
Eating that this late at
night is bad for you!
You'll upset your stomach!
Ex, I know all too well...
How criminal it is to eat ramen
in the middle of the night.
How stupid it is.
The inevitable guilt.
That's what makes it taste so good!
Your Highness!
'Tis time to eat.
I want some!
Stay strong, Your Highness!
Your Highness!
Y-Y-Your Highness!
Y-Y-Your...
Kill me now.
Seriously?
Your Highness, have a little patience.
Ramen is a meal enjoyed quickly.
Which means the torture shouldn't last long.
Y-You're right, Ex.
Besides, I've gotten used to
the ramen's impact.
I'll tough it out.
I will never give in!
What?!
A small bowl of rice?!
Y-You fiend!
Just what are you planning?!
Topping that piping hot rice with
chili bean paste and garlic,
and wrapping it up in the nori
that's soaked up the ramen broth!
She ate it!
Your Highness?
Y-Y-Your Highness?!
Your Highness!
Firm noodles, extra dashi,
spinach topping...
She's putting in an order
while turning white as ash!
The princess
confessed
Delish!
It's almost closing time, so these scrap
ends of pork chashu are on the house.
Awesome!
This is the best part of eating at late-night
ramen shops right before they close!
We're in a prison cell.
Well?
Was His Majesty pleased with the
secret I brought him today?
What?
Ah...
Yes, as always.
Yes.
I'll do my best tomorrow.
Grand Inquisitor.
Why don't you leave tomorrow's
torture session to us?
You two!
Bread... Takoyaki... Ramen...
Flour is so great!
The greatest!
It's here!
That can't be!
The monster came this way to attack us?!
We're not prepared to go into combat!
Looks like we're in luck.
What?!
We've been saved a half-day's
worth of walking.
I can go home early and play video games!
After I save that character, should
I tackle the Blazing Dungeon?
No, there was that subquest
that caught my eye.
Ex Seque Duel!
I might be able to get
a rare item out of it!
That definitely comes first!
Your Highness!
All that sudden movement after drinking
water gave me a stitch on my side.
It hurts like hell.
So much pain, but everyone's looking at me.
I can't let them know I have a side stitch.
It'd affect the soldiers' morale.
I know.
I heard that stretching can help the pain.
A shout of victory!
Princess! Princess! Princess!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Nope.
Stretching doesn't stop
it from hurting like hell.